Fix deployment on Windows (#453)
gbdev/pandocs: DEPLOY.md

This document will explain you how to run a local copy of Pan Docs. 

> Be aware that Windows is not supported.

Reviewer: Is it not? It's not tested, but I believe we do support it.

  # Install mdbook using cargo
  cargo install mdbook
  # Remember to add cargo bin directory to your path

  # Install python3 (on Debian systems) make sure to install version 3.9
  apt install python3
  # On windows version 3.9 can be installed from the Microsoft Store
  ```
2. [Install the Python prerequisites](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/#requirements-files).
```sh
# Create and activate a virtualenv
python -m venv env
# bash
source env/bin/activate
# Windows

> . .\env\Scripts\Activate.bat # On powershell repalce bat with ps1

Reviewer 2: I don't think there's any active maintainer on Windows, so I would strongly advice against adding windows-specific instructions nobody has the time nor the tools to keep maintained.

Author: Fair point, the Rust code checking for Windows got me think it might be a wanted change.
Since Windows is not supported I think it might be good to add that in the DEPLOY.md and simply remove this if in the Rust code.

  # Install mdbook using cargo
  cargo install mdbook
  # Remember to add cargo bin directory to your path

>   # Install Python 3.9 or earlier; for example, on APT-based systems (Ubuntu, Debian...):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Install Python 3.9 or earlier; for example, on debian-based systems:
```

A system is not apt-based. A package manager can be apt-based.

Author: I accepted a [suggestion](https://github.com/gbdev/pandocs/pull/453#discussion_r1020931875) from @ISSOtm so I believe we need his comment here too

Reviewer: I would say a system can be called "APT-based" if `apt` is configured for a `/usr` prefix instead of a `/usr/local` or other prefix. While it's theoretically possible to run multiple concurrent package managers, *usually* only one is the "system" package manager, and systems for which APT is that, I would call "APT-based".

And I believe that people running several concurrent package managers will be savvy enough to forgive the inaccuracy :stuck_out_tongue:

  # Install mdbook using cargo
  cargo install mdbook
  # Remember to add cargo bin directory to your path

>   # Install python3 (on Debian systems) make sure to install version 3.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Install Python 3.9 or earlier; for example, on APT-based systems (Ubuntu, Debian...):
```
